I'm going to be making a homemade sugar
scrub for my dad for christmas he has a
lot of problems with dry cracked skin
and this own has worked really well in
the past for dry skin all right I want
to start with a cup of sugar you can use
white sugar or brown sugar or mix them
for combination i have used regular
cooking oil in the past for a cheap
scrub Oh healthier options for your skin
obviously would be olive oil or vitamin
E oil I'm going to use a mixture of
vitamin E oil and olive oil today
without a fourth a cup of the two so
it's going to mix
mix them up in a bowl here and you can
adjust the amount of sugar and oil you
put to get the consistence you want not
anything spectacular here just trying to
get it all even I've seen people as well
put the sugar in the jar and then put
the oil in and watch to see how it soaks
up to get the consistency I prefer to
just mix up in a bowl you can get your
hands on that you feel it a little bit
more vitamin E oil I have several
different scented options here i have my
favorite which is the doterra sinneth
serenity um you can order different
sense from this is the calming blend i
also have just some from Bath & Body
Works sandalwood rose for stress relief
chamomile for sleep and then I have a
sensual massage oil as well black
currant vanilla you can use if you get a
doTERRA one you will not have to add but
a couple drops with a cheaper oil you
are going to have to add more to get the
desired since i have also done a brown
sugar scrub where i use vanilla and
cinnamon so it was all you know stuff i
had in the kitchen cabinets i'm going to
add a couple drops of the serenity blin
just mix it up good that way you have a
nice scented sugar scrub you don't have
to use this in I've also read that
people use baby oil before and it
already has a scent to it if you like
the smell of baby oil so just blend it
in with my hands and then you can add it
to your jar
as you can see with the size of my jar
here probably you're going to go ahead
and double this recipe to fill out the
jar a little more so you can make it
large quantum all's quantity as you want
thank you for watching this has been
another video from skinny men